[topic]
1. British People
1.1.  British people usually say ""hello"" or ""nice to meet you"" and shake your hand when they meet you for the first time. They behave politely in public. They think it's rude to push in before others. They always queue. They are very polite at home as well. When in Rome, do as the Romans do. When we are in a strange place, we should do as the local people do.
1.2. For the first meeting, the English will usually say ""hello"" or ""nice to meet you"" and shake hands with you. In the public places, they behave themselves well; they think that jumping in the line is a rude behavior, so they always line up. They are often very polite at home. When we are in a strange place, do in Rome as Rome does. We should behave well as local people.
1.3. When they meet for the first time, the British usually say ""hello"" or ""nice to meet you"", and shake hands with each other. In public, they behave themselves appropriately. They think it is impolite to jump the queue, and they always wait in line patiently for their turns. They are also very polite at home. As the saying goes, ""when in Rome, do as the Romans do"". When we are in a strange place, we should act as the locals do.
1.4. When first meet, English are likely to say ""hello"" or ""nice to meet you"" and shake hands with you. They behave well in public. They usually line up because they think queue jumping is very impolite. And they are also very polite at home. There is an old saying ""Do in Rome as Rome does"". So when we are in a new place, we should behave ourselves as the locals do.
1.5. When meeting for the first time, Englishmen usually say ""hello"" or ""nice to meet you"" with a handshake. They behave themselves well in public places. They regard jumping a queue as one of the rude behavior, so they always queue up. They are also very polite at home. When in Rome, do as the Romans do. When we are in a strange place, we should behavior just like the local people.
1.6. For the first meeting, English people usually say ""Hello"" or ""Nice to meet you"" and shake hands with you. In the public place, they also act very decently. In their views, it is very impolite to cut in line. They have formed a habit to wait in a queue. At home, they are also very polite. When in a strange place, we should do in Rome as the Romans do. Moreover, it is also polite that we behave like the local people.
1.7. In first meeting, the English often say ""hi"" or ""nice to meet you!"" and then shake hands with you. In public occasions, they behave mannerly. They think jumping a queue is impolite and they always line up. Also, they are polite at home. When in Rome do as the Romans do. When we are in a strange land, we should behave like the natives.
[lmtext]
British People
British people usually say ""hello"" or ""nice to meet you"" and shake your hand when they meet you for the first time. They behave politely in public. They think it's rude to push in before others. They always queue. They are very polite at home as well. When in Rome, do as the Romans do. When we are in a strange place, we should do as the local people do.
For the first meeting, the English will usually say ""hello"" or ""nice to meet you"" and shake hands with you. In the public places, they behave themselves well; they think that jumping in the line is a rude behavior, so they always line up. They are often very polite at home. When we are in a strange place, do in Rome as Rome does. We should behave well as local people.
When they meet for the first time, the British usually say ""hello"" or ""nice to meet you"", and shake hands with each other. In public, they behave themselves appropriately. They think it is impolite to jump the queue, and they always wait in line patiently for their turns. They are also very polite at home. As the saying goes, ""when in Rome, do as the Romans do"". When we are in a strange place, we should act as the locals do.
When first meet, English are likely to say ""hello"" or ""nice to meet you"" and shake hands with you. They behave well in public. They usually line up because they think queue jumping is very impolite. And they are also very polite at home. There is an old saying ""Do in Rome as Rome does"". So when we are in a new place, we should behave ourselves as the locals do.
When meeting for the first time, Englishmen usually say ""hello"" or ""nice to meet you"" with a handshake. They behave themselves well in public places. They regard jumping a queue as one of the rude behavior, so they always queue up. They are also very polite at home. When in Rome, do as the Romans do. When we are in a strange place, we should behavior just like the local people.
For the first meeting, English people usually say ""Hello"" or ""Nice to meet you"" and shake hands with you. In the public place, they also act very decently. In their views, it is very impolite to cut in line. They have formed a habit to wait in a queue. At home, they are also very polite. When in a strange place, we should do in Rome as the Romans do. Moreover, it is also polite that we behave like the local people.
In first meeting, the English often say ""hi"" or ""nice to meet you!"" and then shake hands with you. In public occasions, they behave mannerly. They think jumping a queue is impolite and they always line up. Also, they are polite at home. When in Rome do as the Romans do. When we are in a strange land, we should behave like the natives.
[vocabulary]
behavior /b ih 'hh ey v y ax/
uncourteous /,ah n 'k er t ir s/