[topic]
1. Throw Litter
1.1. Mary and her classmates went outing last weekend. Someone was flying kites, some people were having snacks. There were litters on the road. Mary picked up the waste bottles and paper the put them in the dustbin. The teacher praised Mary for her good deed.
1.2. Last weekend, Mary went to the park with her classmates. They had a picnic in the park. Some people flew kites there. They had great fun there. Mary saw some rubbish on the road. She picked up the rubbish and threw it into the dustbin. The teacher praised Mary.
1.3. Last Saturday, Mary's class went to the park. They brought some food and had a picnic on the grass. After that, they flew kites there. Suddenly, Mary found that there was some rubbish on the road. She then picked up the rubbish and threw it into the dustbin. Mary's teacher saw this. She said ""Well done"" to Mary. Mary was very happy.
1.4. Mary went to the park with her friend last weekend. They had a picnic there, while some people were flying kites. Mary's friend wanted to fly a kite too. So she threw waste bottles and paper on the ground and ran away. Mary saw this and picked up the rubbish. Then she threw it into the garbage can. A woman noticed what Mary had done. She praised Mary for her good behavior.
1.5. Mary went to the park to have a picnic with her friend last Sunday. They brought some juice and bread as lunch. After lunch, they joined other people to fly kites. Mary saw some waste bottles and paper on the ground. Someone threw them away after having a picnic. Mary cleaned the road, putting the garbage into a garbage can. A lady saw this and praised Mary for what she had done.
1.6. Last weekend, Mary and her classmates went to the park. Some of them flew kites, and some of them had food on the grass. Mary brought some juice, bread and biscuits to share with her friend. After they finished eating, her friend went to fly a kite. Mary gathered their waste bottles and paper and was about to threw them into the dustbin. Suddenly, she saw some garbage on the ground. She picked up the garbage, and threw it away with their waste bottles and paper. Her good behavior was noticed by the manager of the park. The manager praised her.
1.7. Last weekend, Mary went outing with her classmates. Mary and her friend were having drinks and some bread. Others were flying kites or playing games. After a while, there were litters on the ground. Mary saw these and started to pick up all the waste paper and bottles. She put them into the dustbin. Mary's teacher praised her for what she had done.
1.8. Mary went for an outing with her classmates last weekend. Some people played games and some people went to fly kites. Mary and Lily were having some snacks. When they were about to play, Mary noticed that there were litters around them. So she picked up the waste bottles and paper and threw them in the dustbin. Just then, her teacher saw it and praised Mary for what she did.
1.9. The school held an outing last weekend. Mary and her classmates had fun there. Some people were playing games while some were flying kites. Mary and one of her classmates were having some snacks. Then, Mary found that there were some waste paper and bottles on the ground. So she threw all of them into the dustbin. At last, the ground became clean and Mary was praised by her teacher.
1.10. Mary and her classmates went for an outing last weekend. They were very happy. Someone was flying kites, some were having food. After having lunch, they went on playing games. Mary noticed that there were some litters on the ground. So she picked up all the litters and then put them in the dustbin. Mary's good deed was saw by her teacher. The teacher praised Mary and felt proud of what she had done.
1.11. Last Saturday, Mary's teacher took her class to an outing. The whole class were very happy then. Some people were flying kites while some were playing games. At lunch time, they had food and drank juice together. After that, there were some waste bottles and paper on the road. Mary started to pick them up and threw them into the dustbin. Her teacher saw it and spoke highly of what Mary had done. Mary felt very proud of herself.
1.12. Last weekend Mary and her classmates went outing and had a picnic. Some people were flying kites, some people were having snacks. Suddenly, they found there was a lot of litter on the road. Mary picked up the waste bottles and paper the put them in the dustbin. The teacher praised Mary for her good behavior.
1.13. Last weekend Mary went to the park with Some friends. Some of them were flying kites. Some friends were eating food. Suddenly, they saw there was some rubbish on the road. Mary picked up the rubbish and put it into the garbage. The teacher said Mary was good.
1.14.  Last weekend Mary went to the park. Some classmates were flying kites, some classmate were eating food. Suddenly, they saw there was a lot of rubbish on the road. Mary picked up the rubbish and put it into the dustbin. The teacher said Mary was a good girl.
1.15.  Last weekend Mary had a picnic with her cousins in the park. Some were flying kites, some were eating food. They saw there was some litter on the road. Mary picked up the litter and threw it into the dustbin. Her mother said Mary was good.
1.16.  Last weekend Mary had a picnic with her cousins in the park. Some flew kites, some ate food. Suddenly, they saw someone dropped a lot of litter on the road. Mary picked up the litter and threw it into the dustbin. Her mother said Mary did a good job.
1.17.  Last weekend, Mary went to the park for a picnic with her friend. They brought a lot of food and enjoyed it very much. Lily went to fly kite but she left many rubbish on the ground. Marry cleaned it and put it into the rubbish can. The teacher saw it and she said to Marry, ""you are a good girl."" What a good girl!
[lmtext]
Throw Litter
Mary and her classmates went outing last weekend. Someone was flying kites, some people were having snacks. There were litters on the road. Mary picked up the waste bottles and paper the put them in the dustbin. The teacher praised Mary for her good deed.
Last weekend, Mary went to the park with her classmates. They had a picnic in the park. Some people flew kites there. They had great fun there. Mary saw some rubbish on the road. She picked up the rubbish and threw it into the dustbin. The teacher praised Mary.
Last Saturday, Mary's class went to the park. They brought some food and had a picnic on the grass. After that, they flew kites there. Suddenly, Mary found that there was some rubbish on the road. She then picked up the rubbish and threw it into the dustbin. Mary's teacher saw this. She said ""Well done"" to Mary. Mary was very happy.
Mary went to the park with her friend last weekend. They had a picnic there, while some people were flying kites. Mary's friend wanted to fly a kite too. So she threw waste bottles and paper on the ground and ran away. Mary saw this and picked up the rubbish. Then she threw it into the garbage can. A woman noticed what Mary had done. She praised Mary for her good behavior.
Mary went to the park to have a picnic with her friend last Sunday. They brought some juice and bread as lunch. After lunch, they joined other people to fly kites. Mary saw some waste bottles and paper on the ground. Someone threw them away after having a picnic. Mary cleaned the road, putting the garbage into a garbage can. A lady saw this and praised Mary for what she had done.
Last weekend, Mary and her classmates went to the park. Some of them flew kites, and some of them had food on the grass. Mary brought some juice, bread and biscuits to share with her friend. After they finished eating, her friend went to fly a kite. Mary gathered their waste bottles and paper and was about to threw them into the dustbin. Suddenly, she saw some garbage on the ground. She picked up the garbage, and threw it away with their waste bottles and paper. Her good behavior was noticed by the manager of the park. The manager praised her.
Last weekend, Mary went outing with her classmates. Mary and her friend were having drinks and some bread. Others were flying kites or playing games. After a while, there were litters on the ground. Mary saw these and started to pick up all the waste paper and bottles. She put them into the dustbin. Mary's teacher praised her for what she had done.
Mary went for an outing with her classmates last weekend. Some people played games and some people went to fly kites. Mary and Lily were having some snacks. When they were about to play, Mary noticed that there were litters around them. So she picked up the waste bottles and paper and threw them in the dustbin. Just then, her teacher saw it and praised Mary for what she did.
The school held an outing last weekend. Mary and her classmates had fun there. Some people were playing games while some were flying kites. Mary and one of her classmates were having some snacks. Then, Mary found that there were some waste paper and bottles on the ground. So she threw all of them into the dustbin. At last, the ground became clean and Mary was praised by her teacher.
Mary and her classmates went for an outing last weekend. They were very happy. Someone was flying kites, some were having food. After having lunch, they went on playing games. Mary noticed that there were some litters on the ground. So she picked up all the litters and then put them in the dustbin. Mary's good deed was saw by her teacher. The teacher praised Mary and felt proud of what she had done.
Last Saturday, Mary's teacher took her class to an outing. The whole class were very happy then. Some people were flying kites while some were playing games. At lunch time, they had food and drank juice together. After that, there were some waste bottles and paper on the road. Mary started to pick them up and threw them into the dustbin. Her teacher saw it and spoke highly of what Mary had done. Mary felt very proud of herself.
Last weekend Mary and her classmates went outing and had a picnic. Some people were flying kites, some people were having snacks. Suddenly, they found there was a lot of litter on the road. Mary picked up the waste bottles and paper the put them in the dustbin. The teacher praised Mary for her good behavior.
Last weekend Mary went to the park with Some friends. Some of them were flying kites. Some friends were eating food. Suddenly, they saw there was some rubbish on the road. Mary picked up the rubbish and put it into the garbage. The teacher said Mary was good.
Last weekend Mary went to the park. Some classmates were flying kites, some classmate were eating food. Suddenly, they saw there was a lot of rubbish on the road. Mary picked up the rubbish and put it into the dustbin. The teacher said Mary was a good girl.
Last weekend Mary had a picnic with her cousins in the park. Some were flying kites, some were eating food. They saw there was some litter on the road. Mary picked up the litter and threw it into the dustbin. Her mother said Mary was good.
Last weekend Mary had a picnic with her cousins in the park. Some flew kites, some ate food. Suddenly, they saw someone dropped a lot of litter on the road. Mary picked up the litter and threw it into the dustbin. Her mother said Mary did a good job.
Last weekend, Mary went to the park for a picnic with her friend. They brought a lot of food and enjoyed it very much. Lily went to fly kite but she left many rubbish on the ground. Marry cleaned it and put it into the rubbish can. The teacher saw it and she said to Marry, ""you are a good girl."" What a good girl!