[topic]
1. The Goose Thief
1.1.  Tom went to primary school in the countryside. Near his classroom, there was a small pond where two geese were raised. Students were all fond of them. One day, when Tom passed the school kitchen, he heard the cooks talking about killing the geese for the teachers' Christmas dinner. Tom got angry, and said to himself, ""I won't let them be eaten!"" That night, Tom worked out a plan. He was going to hide them somewhere far away from the school. The next morning, Tom went to school in his father's big coat. During the break, he rushed to the pond. Without anyone around, he caught the geese and pushed them inside the coat. However, the geese were larger than he had thought, and they tried very hard to free themselves from the coat. The big noise caught the notice of the head teacher and the students, and they all ran to the pond. The head teacher asked for an explanation. Looking at the teacher with fear, Tom told the story and said, ""It is unfair to them. We all love them!"" The head teacher smiled and promised not to have them killed for the Christmas dinner.
[keypoint]
1. Tom went to primary school in the countryside. Near his classroom, there was a small pond where two geese were raised.
2. Students were all fond of them.
3. One day, when Tom passed the school kitchen, he heard the cooks talking about killing the geese for the teachers' Christmas dinner.
4. Tom got angry, and said to himself, ""I won't let them be eaten!"" That night, Tom worked out a plan. He was going to hide them somewhere far away from the school.
5. The next morning, Tom went to school in his father's big coat. During the break, he rushed to the pond. Without anyone around, he caught the geese and pushed them inside the coat.
6. However, the geese were larger than he had thought, and they tried very hard to free themselves from the coat. The big noise caught the notice of the head teacher and the students,
7. They all ran to the pond.
8. The head teacher asked for an explanation.
9.  Looking at the teacher with fear, Tom told the story and said, ""It is unfair to them. We all love them!""
10. The head teacher smiled and promised not to have them killed for the Christmas dinner.
[lmtext]
The Goose Thief
Tom went to primary school in the countryside. Near his classroom, there was a small pond where two geese were raised. Students were all fond of them. One day, when Tom passed the school kitchen, he heard the cooks talking about killing the geese for the teachers' Christmas dinner. Tom got angry, and said to himself, ""I won't let them be eaten!"" That night, Tom worked out a plan. He was going to hide them somewhere far away from the school. The next morning, Tom went to school in his father's big coat. During the break, he rushed to the pond. Without anyone around, he caught the geese and pushed them inside the coat. However, the geese were larger than he had thought, and they tried very hard to free themselves from the coat. The big noise caught the notice of the head teacher and the students, and they all ran to the pond. The head teacher asked for an explanation. Looking at the teacher with fear, Tom told the story and said, ""It is unfair to them. We all love them!"" The head teacher smiled and promised not to have them killed for the Christmas dinner.